W-space updates (#1358)
pi-base/data: properties/P000187.md

uid: P000187
name: W-space
refs:
  - zb: "0327.54019"
    name: Infinite games and generalizations of first-countable spaces (Gruenhage)
  - zb: "1141.54020"

>     name: The story of a topological game (Gruenhage)

Reviewer: Ah we used this at https://topology.pi-base.org/theorems/T000476/references (using a DOI instead of the zb reference though)

---

P1 has a winning strategy at each point $x\in X$ 
for the following game defined by Gruenhage in {{zb:0327.54019}}.

During each round $n<\omega$, P1 chooses some neighborhood $U_n$ of $x$,
then P2 chooses some point $x_n\in U_n$. P1 wins provided the sequence
of $x_n$ converges to $x$; P2 wins otherwise.

See also section 2 of {{zb:1141.54020}}.

----
#### Meta-properties

- This property is hereditary.

> - This property is preserved by countable products (see Theorem 4.1 of {{zb:0327.54019}}).
> - This property is preserved by $\Sigma$-products (see Theorem 4.6 of {{zb:0327.54019}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This property is preserved by $\Sigma$-products (see Theorem 4.6 of {{zb:0327.54019}}), and therefore is preserved by countable products.
```

Feel free to reject if you prefer citing the countable product result directly.
